Hello everyone, Sergey, after the recent one
Apple ios 7 presentations
our phones with you have an iphone
there are a lot of new features
one of these functions is called asset
and stocking what is it with what it is eaten
i will tell in today's video let's
let's start actively stocking in my opinion
quite an interesting idea which
develops safety ideas laid yet
fine function my iphone or otherwise
find my iphone
if earlier you could have lost the gadget
detect through the program find my
iphone on card or remotely delete
everything on it, if God forbid in
your king or just send
a message to the phone this and that when
provided your phone is in
network or connected to the internet then starting
from the release of aes67 everything will be
slightly different functions of assets and drawstring
arranged very very simple when you
Put on your connecting skyclad
she binds to your account with
from this moment, disable the background file or
log out cloud settings hayes
it becomes impossible without entering your
password for your account like this
everything will act in detail I you
I’ll show you my iphone as an example
I will show you how this function works.
for example, I want to sell my phone
respectively, before selling it
I must completely clear immediately
that i already had ios 7 installed
first beta now instead of 6 and
rolled back and so to clear
phone we go to the main construction site
reset and then click delete content and
settings click clear iphone
he warns that everything will be all
clay and click and the phone is cleaned here I am
completely cleared your phone by connecting
I see computers like this
assets
iphone 3 as a matter of fact
need to lead your lane first
password and click continue
after that on me is activated but here
what picture to me on the phone that is
accordingly , the screen itself appears
greet you choose language choose
the country offers you its nonsense
Wi-Fi networks available and after that
Again, here is the inscription of the asset
iphone probably need us iphone can
will continue to work only after
How do you see your likes and password
you can escape the necessary authorization
only one way to turn off the file
my iphone and log out and cloud
then stocking assets then
will stop working so you need
be sure to remember when you will
sell your phone either when you
will buy if you do not sell
forget it done so just not
Substitute your future buyer and
so that's all thanks who watched
if you have questions please ask
comments if you like put
likes see you bye